setup.py: add option to disable tbb at compile time (#5821)
numba/numba: docs/source/user/installing.rst

  * ``numpy``
  * ``llvmlite``
  * Compiler toolchain mentioned above

> * Build time toggles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build time environment variables:
```

>   * ``NUMBA_NO_OPENMP=1``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``NUMBA_NO_OPENMP``
```

>     DEFAULT: undefined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     Set this environment variable to ``1`` when building

Reviewer 2: CI is complaining about unexpected indentation on this line. Would suggest to run `sphinx` locally to debug this:

```
Warning, treated as error:
/home/vsts/work/1/s/docs/source/user/installing.rst:191:Unexpected indentation.
Makefile:53: recipe for target 'html' failed
make: *** [html] Error 2
```

>     set the environment variable to ``1`` when building using ``setup.py``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set this environment variable to ``1`` when building using ``setup.py``
```

Reviewer: I'm unsure as to what other ways there are to build other than with setup.py being invoked at some point?

>     to disable compilations of OpenMP threading backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to disable compilation of the OpenMP threading backend.
```

    If enabled you need OpenMP C headers and runtime libraries compatible
    with the compiler toolchain mentioned above and accessible to the
    compiler via standard flags (Linux, Windows)
    * ``llvm-openmp`` (OSX) - provides headers for compiling OpenMP support into
    Numba's threading backend
    * ``intel-openmp`` (OSX) - provides OpenMP library support for Numba's
    threading backend.

>   * ``NUMBA_NO_TBB=1 TBBROOT=/usr``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``NUMBA_NO_TBB``
```
would rather document these separately as they perform separate functions.

>     DEFAULT: both undefined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     set the environment variable ``NUMBA_NO_TBB`` to ``1`` when building using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set this environment variable to ``1`` when building using
```

>     ``setup.py`` to disable the compilation of the TBB threading backend.

Reviewer: I'm unsure as to what other ways there are to build other than with `setup.py` being invoked at some point?

Author: removed this wording.

    If not setting it to ``1`` you can also add the location where the
    TBB headers are going to be searched for, which is generally in ``/usr``,

>     as they are installed in ``/usr/include/tbb/tbb.h``.

Reviewer: This is very linux specific and also assumes it's a system package manager installed package. I think it might be appropriate to just mention that `TBBROOT` can be set if needed and to just link to the Intel documentation on it, https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/advisor-user-guide/top/appendix/adding-parallelism-to-your-program/adding-the-parallel-framework-to-your-build-environment/defining-the-tbbroot-environment-variable.html ? What do you think?

Author: This is the location in gentoo, arch and ubuntu, afaik. So writing it out explicitly is a good thing, in addition to linking to the intel documentation.

Will add the intel link.

Reviewer: It may well be the location on a few linux distros, but what about windows and OSX users and people who aren't using linux installation defaults? I think the OS invariant link is more suitable.

Author: OK, I've added both the things for now, would that be acceptable?
